Now we will enhance the UI of our extension.
Till now we have done everything in the back-end by using Hello World.
Now we will use its UI so that it can be depicted and shown to the user properly.
First of all, we will create a folder named Components in a pop-up folder which I have already created.
I will delete it once and make it again.
Click on the pop-up and go to the folder section in the top and create a folder named Components.
First of all, you have to create a file named Header.tsx in which we will add the header of our extension.
You have created Header.tsx.
The code of Header.tsx is of 2-3 lines.
You have to create it directly.
You have to pick it up from our code section and add it here.
See, here the code is very simple.
Here we have given the header tag and in that we have given the class name Header.tsx.
And the CSS of pop-up.css will be used here.
And we have added it here by saying welcome.
Now the second thing I would like to tell you is that you must have got the code of pop-up.css in the section and code section.
So now pick up the code of pop-up.css from there as well.
And replace your code with it.
Now here the code of pop-up.css, I will explain to you slowly where it is being used.
So what is being used in Header.tsx right now?
Header text.
So in pop-up.css, what we have added in Header text is that we have basically given it there.
Font style, font size, we have given all these things.
So Header text will be somewhere here.
What is this?
So we have given padding here.
We have given text align center.
We have given background.
So here we have basically given it for text.
This is in Header text.
And in the same way, when we will make footer, we have given this class for that.
So we have added very simple things.
We have gone to Header.tsx.
Here our header has been made.
The second thing you have to make in the component is by doing footer.tsx.
So you will make a file.
Footer.tsx.
Now the code of footer.tsx is also very small and of 2-3 lines.
The same code is also added.
You will get the code.
You will just bring it here and keep it.
So here we have done the same thing that we used to do.
Date, year, ampersand copy is an HTML entity.
What are HTML entities?
Let's see that quickly.
So we have gone here in our browser.
And HTML entities are basically different types of basic small codes.
That is, they are kind of small keywords.
By using which you can enter different symbols.
So the ampersand copy that we have used there.
We had used the ampersand copy.
So that it becomes the copyright symbol.
So what have we done?
So we have searched HTML entities.
We have gone.
And here you will be able to see.
The site which is called Mozilla.
Here you will be able to see that the entities that I have told you about.
What are they?
There are many basic things.
There are keywords.
By using which you can make different things.
Like here you can see that by using ampersand copy.
Copyright has been made.
Similarly, these are all the entities.
So here as you write this.
Then an ampersand becomes automatically.
Or it becomes the end.
If you write this.
Then it becomes a sign of less than.
Then it becomes greater than.
If you write ampersand copy.
Then it becomes the copyright sign.
So you must have understood.
So from here you can also copy.
If you need any other entity tomorrow.
Then you can do it.
After this.
We go back to our code.
And after going here.
We have seen by putting header and footer.
Now once we see our extension.
So we go back.
And once we open our extension.
So here you will see.
That hello world has been written.
After this.
Here the style has not been put.
So why did this happen?
Why our style has not been put?
Because.
Because the problem is.
That we have made hello world.
Sorry.
Footer and header have been made.
Component.
But it will have to be put somewhere.
I mean.
It will have to be shown somewhere.
We have just made the component.
It will also have to be imported.
So this thing came down from my mind.
So what do we do for this?
Let's go back.
We have made header and footer.
Now we will do one thing.
We will go to app.tsx.
We have seen in app.tsx.
Our popup is being rendered here.
The header is above the popup.
So we will do the same here.
Here we have the header.
We will bring the header here.
We have brought the header by doing this.
After this we will go here.
And we will import the footer in this way.
And to import it.
We will select it here.
Press control space.
And hit enter.
So it will be imported automatically.
Same thing here.
Press control space and hit enter.
It is imported.
So now the popup here.
This is basically ours.
In which our hello world etc. is visible.
Now where is this popup being rendered?
In app.tsx.
And what did we do in this?
We just put header above the popup.
And put footer below it.
So what happened?
That header and footer went up and down.
So here by default they will show up and down.
So what do we do now?
Now we go back to our browser.
And now.
And now we open our extension once.
So now see.
What happened here?
Welcome has come and under that footer has come.
You are able to understand now.
Here footer and welcome has come.
And the background style has also changed because of the popup.css.
Now as soon as our main content will go in the middle.
So this footer will automatically come down.
Ok.
So what do we do now?
This basic UI has been made.
Now what do we do?
That we first go to the browser.
And then we go here.
And here we go to.
And here we go here.
And here we go.
Now.
And here.
And here we go.
So, our basic UI is ready.
Now, what we do is,
first of all, we go and
put a button instead of hello word.
After clicking on it,
the analysis will start.
So, you also
come back to your popup.
After that, go to the bottom.
First, we will create a state.
We will name it as
scraped.
And I am telling you
why you need this state.
So, we have created
this state.
Use
state.
And here,
first of all,
we will show false.
So, what will happen?
We will set here
whether the content has been scraped.
That is, whether the content of the website
that we are doing using the scrape function
has been scraped or not.
According to this, we will change our animation in the UI.
So, I will show you how.
So, we have set it as false.
It has not been scraped yet.
By default, it is a false value set.
Now, we will go to our
chrome.execute
script method.
Here, we will go
to the bottom.
Here, we will create a callback function.
What will happen with this?
I will tell you now.
And here, we will write
set is scraped.
We will put true in it.
Now, what will happen with this? I will tell you.
As soon as the scraping will end,
this function
as soon as it will end,
after that, this thing will be called.
And here, the set is scraped will be true.
That is, as soon as the scraping will end,
this thing will be true set.
Now, what will we do with this?
We have said that the set is scraped.
We have set it true.
So, what will we do?
Now, what will we do with this?
Basically, we will put an image tag here.
And here, we will make a button.
Now, what will be the button?
Here, our button will be icon128.png.
This one.
We will use this as our button.
So, as soon as the user will click in this,
after this, the analysis will start.
So, now we will go in this.
We have asked the source.
So, dot forward slash icon128.png
because it is in the current folder.
Dot png
And after this, the alternative
it has written alt.
So, here you will write summary.
This is summarize.
After this.
It is very easy.
On click.
Now, as soon as the button clicks the photo,
the summarize function should work.
So, here we have added this.
Now, here comes the turn
to change the animation.
How will that happen?
Now, I will tell you.
First, do it in the class name.
In the class name, you have to write is scraped.
Is scraped.
Question mark.
If content is scraped.
Content is scraped.
Then the class that will be set
will be set as afterscape.
Now, here I will tell you what I am doing.
The afterscape class will be set.
There is double underscore in it.
After this.
Otherwise, the normal class will be
summarized.
The normal class will be
summarized by clicking the button.
Now, what is happening here?
Let's see it once.
So, what have we done?
Here, we have given the class name of the image.
We have
automatically
changed it
according to the situations.
That is,
if the content is not scraped.
Suppose, the user has not clicked the button yet.
So, the normal class with the
summarized button will be put in it.
Now, the class with the summarized button.
Let's see its popup once.
Let's see its style.
So, if you see its style.
It is something like this.
This is the work of the summarized button.
So, you will get this at the top.
Summarized button.
What is this?
So, here we have told that where to place the image.
That the margin has to be given
46% from the top.
The auto has to be given from the side so that it is in the center.
Display flex has to be given.
The align item has to be given in the center.
So, we have told it that it should come in the center.
What is the page's photo?
So, if it has not clicked till now, then it will be in the center of the page.
But as soon as it clicks.
As soon as it clicks, then the content
starts here.
And as soon as the content is scraped,
then we put this class.
That means the content has been scraped.
So, in popup.css, let's see the after scrape class.
So, see this.
In after scrape, we have put an animation by doing slide left.
What will happen with this?
That the animation of slide left
will lift the photo from the center of the page
and slide it towards the left.
There will be an animation.
So, see this. 0%.
That means in the beginning, the image is in the center.
But as soon as the animation is applied,
then it will go minus 300%
to the left.
That means it will disappear from the page.
And this will happen with the speed of 0.9 seconds.
Do you understand?
So, here you must have understood that
as soon as the content is scraped and the button is clicked,
then the photo will slide to the left.
So, from here,
we have found out this.
Now, let's check this thing once.
Chrome extension.
So, now we have come here.
See, now everything is fine.
Here, our
button has come.
The footer has been set well below.
The header has been set well above.
The hello word is still written because we have not removed it.
Now, what do we do with this?
As soon as we click,
now what will happen?
This click has not been clicked yet.
So, the class of summarize button is active in this.
As soon as we click, the class of after scrape will come.
Because the content will be scraped by the time.
Because it is a real-time process.
So, this slide will go to the left.
As soon as we click, it slides to the left.
Now, what do we want?
It slides to the left.
But now the scraped content will go to the open area.
So, till then, we have to show the load.
The content is loading.
So, now we will put a loader.
We call it pulse loader.
We will put that here.
So, now what do we do first?
Let's go back to the code.
And
after going to the code, we will do one thing here.
The div that we have given here,
the hello word one, we remove it first.
So, we don't need the hello word one now.
Now, what we will do is
that now
a small org code
will be basically given
in the code section.
So, you don't have to do anything.
You just have to pick it up and paste it.
Now, what is this?
I will tell you this once.
So,
see here
what we have done.
We have put some conditions here.
You must have understood the image one.
We have set a new summary here.
Summary means
when the content was analyzed.
So, we said that
if the summary.length is greater than zero,
that means there is something in the summary.
That means, if there is something in the summary,
then we will normally show the summary
here.
Normally, we have shown the summary here.
But
until the summary is not there
and the content is scraped,
but the summary has not come,
then we will put the loader pulse here.
So, we will show the content
in this way.
See here.
So, we have put the condition
here.
As the summary.length is greater than zero,
that means the summary comes,
then the summary will show something like this.
But until the summary does not come,
until the content is scraped,
then only the loader animation
is shown.
And whatever the CSS of the loader animation is in the pop-up,
then everything is given here.
Basically, how will the load be?
It is a very basic animation.
So, here it is.
Where is the loader pulse animation?
That is your basic animation.
You will see it by pulsing.
So, here we are just increasing the opacity.
So, we are increasing the opacity.
So, due to this, it seems that it is loading.
So, now we will show you nicely.
Now, here
this thing is ready.
Now, what do we do once?
Let's go back to our extension.
Ok.
One minute.
Here is our browser.
And we go back to our extension.
Now, let's see how clear and clean our extension is.
We put a header above and a footer below.
We put buttons in the middle and gave it a style.
As soon as we click, what will happen first?
It will check whether the content has been scraped or not.
So, as soon as you click, the content is scraped.
So, it will slide to the left immediately.
Animation will be applied.
As soon as it slides, you can see
that the loader animation has come automatically.
So, what does the loader animation do?
It tells that the content is loading.
Now, as soon as it loads,
the summary dot length becomes greater than zero.
So, here it shows the summary.
It was very basic and very easy.
And here the summary has come very nicely.
So, this was our basic extension part
where we enhanced the UI.